---
layout: post
title: "v1.0.0"
date: 2025-12-16
---

I've had the idea of building a personal website for a while now. I've seen so many developers with their own, each with its own unique design, so I decided to build my own from scratch. I wanted a place to post my thoughts on tech, increase my knowledge in front-end development as I work on it, and show it off in my social bios and resume.

The version I initially worked on was going to feature a rounded navigation bar. I couldn't find any tutorial or forum that showed how to make it, so with help from a simple post on a coding forum and ChatGPT, I created one and decided to make it public so no other developer would face the same problem. You can find it on my <a href="https://github.com/jobcelis/RoundedNavBar-Demo" target="_blank" style="color: #007bff;">Github account</a>.

The website design in the repo shows what my site originally looked like, but I shelved it for a while. When I finally returned to work on it, I changed my mind about the UI and decided it should remain for the repo only. So I started from scratch. I wanted the layout to be as simple as possible to make the work less of a hassle. Right now it may seem rather boring, but over time I'll be adding new improvements as I go along. Hopefully, I'll land on a final design.

While building it, I mostly vibecoded it because I wanted to get it out as quickly as I could after putting it off for too long. But that doesn't mean I ignored the code the AI generated and the issues I encountered. When GPT wasn't generating the code correctly, I made three separate posts on Stack Overflow that helped with my issues. Even with the ongoing AI boom, Stack Overflow is still very much alive. Hopefully I should be able to continue building my site without the use of LLMs anymore.

The site is built using raw HTML and CSS, but it will receive updates later on.

I'm hoping this site will serve as my personal space on the internet to share projects, write about my thoughts in anything about tech, and document my progress as a developer. Over time, I plan to add more blog posts, and other resources that I find useful, making it a place both for me and for others who are interested in coding and building software.